I really had no idea where to start. I originally thought I could make 3 variables, one for each work, but I couldn't figure out how to get the spacing to work out the way it was supposed to.
My next thought was to scroll through the different examples from class and try and find something that might work. I settled on trying to create a counter that would say each word on each different count, and I attempted that for a little while until I realized that I couldn't get the spacing to work for that either.
I then noticed that the example with the columns would fix my spacing issue. I copied that string of text into IDLE, then changed it around so that I ended up with print ("3\n\tblind\n\t\tmice"). That worked, however I needed to make it so that 3 was the result of an equation.
I then made a variable str that was equal to 1 + 2, then put that into my command, making it: print (str, "\n\tblind\n\t\tmice").
I tried saving my script using atom. I copied and pasted the commands and then saved it as a .py file, however it ended up saving with zero bytes and i couldn't open it with terminal.
I then tried to save directly from IDLE, which also didn't work because it told me I had a syntax error when trying to run it in terminal.
I then closed IDLE and opened the hands.py file in IDLE and saw that there wasn't anything extra, unlike my original file. I deleted what was there, put in my string of code, and saved it into my Mice folder. I ran it in terminal, and it worked and I was so relieved.
