For my troll assignment, I decided to watch a GitHub project that had to do with my final project, to see if anything said, added or changed would be relevant to helping me complete my project. I watched a GitHub project called "aframevr" .
There weren't many changes during the time that I watched the project, and the changes that were made I really didn't understand what any of it meant. However, I did recieve many updates when users communicated with eachother about issues, which was really helpful.
One conversation that happened was very relevant to my final project, and the issue was that this person, user Fasani, could not get a-frame projects to work in the Oculus Quest 2, which is the headset that I own and am planning on using. Fasani then finds a solution to this problem, stating that the demos that he opened from a-frame's website did not work. However when he opened the demos from their own website, it works within the Quest's browser.
In a later thread, it is noted that A-frame 1.2.0 must be used in order for motion controls to work in the Quest 2, which I'll have to test out. This was commented by a user called cybernetic-research
Another interesting thread talked about whether certain browsers support certain things within A-frame, like trackers and motion controls. A user called smeybi commented on how Firefox and Chrome both do not support Vive trackers but will support other systems, which is good to know. Sme for Web-XR but I don't believe I have that platform on my Quest 2.
These collaborators respond to each other quickly and in a really helpful manner, which I'll have to remember if I ever run into trouble, since this seems like a good place to ask for help. I recieved many emails from the project in the past 2 weeks, just from collaborators helping eachother with their questions.
